Improve debouncing wording (#38040)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/debounce/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> **Debouncing**, in the context of programming, means to discard operations that are too closely-together requested during a specific interval, and consolidate them into a single invocation.

Reviewer: What do you think about this minor reword?

```suggestion
**Debouncing**, in the context of programming, means to discard operations that occur too close together during a specific interval, and consolidate them into a single invocation.
```

Line 11 elaborates on reducing noise in signals, so I think this is good. The only other improvement I can think of for now is:

>… and consolidate them into a single invocation for the purpose of reducing noise or unintentional invocations.
